[Music]
school lunches you've probably never
heard about every country has its
standards for school meals some schools
offer convenience food and snacks for
lunch and some cook set meals for
students what do you think the most
popular ingredients of school lunches
are well how about octopus kimchi or
chili are you curious what kids eat in
South Korea what they prefer in Turkey
some of those lunches are quite unusual
watch and try to find your childhood
meals South Korea the system of planning
school meals in South Korea is one of
the best in the world
lunches are served on special trays the
two biggest sections of the tray are
usually for soup and rice smaller
sections are for salad seafood veggies
and fruit thin children are given fish
oil in a measuring spoon traditional
dishes are kimchi sesame leaves stuffed
with rice and covered with honey sauce
pumpkin potato soup pancakes with green
onions pepper and octopus and a cucumber
and carrot salad sounds like high
cuisine Japan Japanese school lunches
are almost the same as South Korean ones
hot soup rice poultry or fish salad and
milk students are not allowed to bring
their food with them until they reach
high school there are no vending
machines in the canteens and what is
even more surprising students don't eat
in the canteen they put on special white
coats take their lunches to their
classrooms and eat their turkey
[Music]
it's interesting that though children in
Turkey have one hour for lunch
cafeterias are rare in this country so
students either go home for lunch which
might be hard to do if you live on the
other side of town or take food from
home a typical meal may include rye
bread walnuts grapes Apple pomegranate
and kefir looks very tasty and healthy
moreover it's the food which helps to
increase brainpower Thailand students in
Thailand don't eat in the canteen just
like their colleagues from Japan they
are usually given soup pork and
sweet-and-sour sauce rice and a pudding
wrapped in banana leaves after getting
their portions they can add sauces and
spices to their liking then they go to
the classroom and wait for everybody to
sit down only then do they start to eat
France a typical lunch served in the
west of France looks very healthy it is
fish spinach potatoes cheese and bread
it is quite big as the French consider
lunch the main meal of the day the lunch
break is one or even two hours long
students are also allowed to go home to
eat during this break Finland
[Music]
Finland takes school lunches very
seriously every student has offered
snacks during the morning and evening
classes as well as lunch children eat
their lunches in a canteen where they
can choose whatever they want from a
large variety of dishes every school
offers lunch for children with special
dietary needs whether in connection with
health issues or religion an example of
a school lunch can be meatballs with
sauce potatoes salad and muesli Russia
[Music]
in Russia students can have free
breakfast from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
lunches after 12:00 p.m. are paid
children sometimes have lunch at home if
they live near the school if it is a
school lunch
it is usually soup fish or meat with a
side dish of rice or buckwheat and
compote Hungary Hungary is famous for
its big portions in restaurants and
cafes same goes for school lunches
children have several courses with for
example noodle soup baked beans with
chicken and nuts for dessert Israel
Israel schools have the policy of a
healthy diet the government banned fatty
and sugary things from school lunches
but the thing is that children mostly
bring their meals from home anyway the
food they take with them is overall
quite balanced flatbread sandwiches with
white cheese eggs or tuna fresh fruit
and vegetables granola bars are sweets
that's a typical content of the kids
lunchbox Columbia
sixty to seventy percent of children in
Colombia are given free nutritious
lunches students of state schools eat
one hot meal a day their typical meal
consists of soup rice or pasta salad
meat and fruit juice there is another
option when kids have several snacks for
example fruit juice a sandwich or a
small cake Italy surely lunches in Italy
vary from region to region but they all
have one common feature they are tasty
and well balanced before lunch in the
morning children get snacks crackers
breadsticks fresh fruit or homemade
cookies for lunch they get two courses
our first course is often pasta or rice
with seafood or vegetables a second
course fish meat or cheese a picky child
might dislike these lunches no choice of
food is given students can have special
meals only because of religious or
medical reasons Australia
[Music]
authorities in Australia fight against
children's obesity
that's why products rich in sugar salt
and fat are forced out of school menus
but you can find they're healthier
replacements such as sandwiches sushi
corn and fruit available at anytime
children buy their lunches themselves
and many schools give them a lot of
healthy options sometimes as many as 80
represented in a school tuck shop chili
students in Chile have nice and varied
lunches an example can be a meal with
rice beef roll french fries salad
avocado orange juice and fruit in the
sauce for dessert lunches can be a bit
higher quality without processed food in
private schools but the students and
state schools don't suffer either have
we mentioned the lunch you used to have
or still have at school if not write to
us in the comments by the way do you
like school lunch or do you do anything
possible to skip it remember to like the
video to encourage us if it gets 35,000
likes we will tell you about the most
shocking school traditions around the
world